Switching sandblast scripts dependencies (#19313)
demisto/content: Packs/Sandblast/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Scripts

> ##### New: SbQuota

Reviewer: This is not new. Fix for all scripts.
```suggestion
##### SbQuota
```

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.27799*.

> - Fixed an issue where the script used ***sb-quota*** which is deprecated, the script is now using ***sandblast-quota*** instead.

Reviewer: Let's fix for all scripts
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script had used the deprecated command - ***sb-quota*** it is now using ***sandblast-quota*** instead.
```
